logio: DEBUG=ignore, INFO=report, ERROR=report, PANIC=ask
pc_system: DEBUG=ignore, INFO=report, ERROR=report, PANIC=ask
cpu0: DEBUG=ignore, INFO=report, ERROR=report, PANIC=ask
apic0: DEBUG=ignore, INFO=report, ERROR=report, PANIC=ask
memory: DEBUG=ignore, INFO=report, ERROR=report, PANIC=ask
devices: DEBUG=ignore, INFO=report, ERROR=report, PANIC=ask
virt_timer: DEBUG=ignore, INFO=report, ERROR=report, PANIC=ask
slowdown_timer: DEBUG=ignore, INFO=report, ERROR=report, PANIC=ask
netmodctl: DEBUG=ignore, INFO=report, ERROR=report, PANIC=ask
soundlow: DEBUG=ignore, INFO=report, ERROR=report, PANIC=ask
soundlow: DEBUG=ignore, INFO=report, ERROR=report, PANIC=ask
soundlow: DEBUG=ignore, INFO=report, ERROR=report, PANIC=ask
soundctl: DEBUG=ignore, INFO=report, ERROR=report, PANIC=ask
keymap: DEBUG=ignore, INFO=report, ERROR=report, PANIC=ask
siminterface: DEBUG=ignore, INFO=report, ERROR=report, PANIC=ask
plugin: DEBUG=ignore, INFO=report, ERROR=report, PANIC=ask
usbdevctl: DEBUG=ignore, INFO=report, ERROR=report, PANIC=ask
unmapped: DEBUG=ignore, INFO=report, ERROR=report, PANIC=ask
biosdev: DEBUG=ignore, INFO=report, ERROR=report, PANIC=ask
vgabios: DEBUG=ignore, INFO=report, ERROR=report, PANIC=ask
speaker: DEBUG=ignore, INFO=report, ERROR=report, PANIC=ask
extfpuirq: DEBUG=ignore, INFO=report, ERROR=report, PANIC=ask
parallel: DEBUG=ignore, INFO=report, ERROR=report, PANIC=ask
serial: DEBUG=ignore, INFO=report, ERROR=report, PANIC=ask
gameport: DEBUG=ignore, INFO=report, ERROR=report, PANIC=ask
wingui: DEBUG=ignore, INFO=report, ERROR=report, PANIC=ask
hdimage: DEBUG=ignore, INFO=report, ERROR=report, PANIC=ask
waveout: DEBUG=ignore, INFO=report, ERROR=report, PANIC=ask
pci: DEBUG=ignore, INFO=report, ERROR=report, PANIC=ask
pci2isa: DEBUG=ignore, INFO=report, ERROR=report, PANIC=ask
usb_uhci: DEBUG=ignore, INFO=report, ERROR=report, PANIC=ask
acpi: DEBUG=ignore, INFO=report, ERROR=report, PANIC=ask
cmos: DEBUG=ignore, INFO=report, ERROR=report, PANIC=ask
dma: DEBUG=ignore, INFO=report, ERROR=report, PANIC=ask
pic: DEBUG=ignore, INFO=report, ERROR=report, PANIC=ask
pit: DEBUG=ignore, INFO=report, ERROR=report, PANIC=ask
pit82c54: DEBUG=ignore, INFO=report, ERROR=report, PANIC=ask
bxvga: DEBUG=ignore, INFO=report, ERROR=report, PANIC=ask
floppy: DEBUG=ignore, INFO=report, ERROR=report, PANIC=ask
ioapic: DEBUG=ignore, INFO=report, ERROR=report, PANIC=ask
keyboard: DEBUG=ignore, INFO=report, ERROR=report, PANIC=ask
harddrv: DEBUG=ignore, INFO=report, ERROR=report, PANIC=ask
atapi: DEBUG=ignore, INFO=report, ERROR=report, PANIC=ask
pci_ide: DEBUG=ignore, INFO=report, ERROR=report, PANIC=ask
